OK.
Welcome back.
Now for all the Linux users out there I'm going to go ahead and show you how to create the same set
up on Linux.
So I have one virtual machine of windows here where we've finished the configuration and I have another
virtual machine of Linux.
Here again it's a fresh install.
So I'm just going to go out and expand it across the screen and we're going to do pretty much the same
thing.
Now if you are not using Linux obviously you can skip the story as I'm doing set up videos for all three
operating systems in all likelihood.
So just watch the ones that you need so if you're a Windows user watch the ones for windows linux user
watch the ones for Linux.
If you're a Mac user watch the ones for Mac.
Simple as that.
No big deal.
You don't need to watch all three of them it's really rather pointless as the set up procedure is pretty
much the same I will be doing pretty much the same things.
So go ahead and open up your web browser.
I am using Fedora Linux distribution so it might be different if using a Debian based distribution but
I am a fedora user.
My main operating system is Fedora.
So I figured I would show you.
If you're wondering why am I using your virtual machine if my main operating system is Fedora.
Well I'm not going to install these packages on my main machine as I'm not going to be doing development.
My main machine and I don't really feel like cleaning them up later on
as you can see this should work.
Yep there you go.
As you can see this is my Linux desktop.
It's just switching between them so one machine can go on one desktop and another machine can go on
a different desktop and then you can just roll them over with say.
Move this to desktop too and leave this here.
Case let just do this and then I can just go ahead and roll over to Fedora like this.
That's really convenient.
This is a really nice Linux feature where you can split your desktop apart and have multiple desktops
and spin them around as the sides of a cube.
But anyway that's completely besides the point.
I'm just going to go ahead and expand this virtual machine across the screen here.
Just a cool feature that I want to show you.
And now I have successfully managed to lose my notes on the other screen had me just let me just go
ahead and bring them back quickly.
This to talk to please as well.
Axon.
There we go.
My desktop switch on all screens so I need to move my notes desktop to on my other screen the one you
cannot see at the moment.
OK so let's go ahead and expand this across.
We need to go to the Adam sites or just type in Adam favorite search engine.
As before.
Go ahead and open it up here and it says download does that for Debian users.
If you're a debian user and if you're using a Debian based distro or Debian go ahead and download this
one.
If using the Redhat based distro like Fedora is go ahead and download this one and just go ahead and
click on Save file.
It shouldn't take long it's fairly fast.
You will also be needing node Aegeus.
Now you have no JS and the official repositories but it's a little bit of an older version so we're
not going to be using that one now.
There is a difference here.
Need to go into Downloads.
And then scroll down and installing no js via packet manager.
So go ahead and click on that and now you have instructions for various Linux distributions.
Mine is Fedora again so I'm just going to go ahead and click on that one and there will if yours is
different.
Go ahead and click on a different one.
And now I can go ahead and download it from here.
You have no geus version 6.
No I want the stable version so I'm going to go ahead and go for Forte just copy this command control
See open up a terminal
OK.
Let me just do this.
So control control shift me is to paste into terminal and control shift C is to copy in the terminal
press enter and it should install it.
Ah ok ok ok ok.
I'm sorry.
You need to become root so just type in SU and then type in your password here.
You won't see any password being typed out.
That's just that's just the Unix way.
So that's somebody looking behind you will not be able to see the password control shift we press enter
and let it run.
Now OK I seem to me seem to be missing the GCC.
No big deal it's telling me it's.
Yeah.
Just go ahead and install it.
No big deal.
Just run this and one down below.
Copy.
Go ahead control shift the DNF.
And I'm also going to be needing this control shift see control shift the these are some additional
packages that are required.
So just go ahead install them as well.
It shouldn't take too long.
The installation from the repo's is fairly fast.
I can tell you that much.
Now go to your Downloads folder.
Wherever it might be on your machine and you will see it says Adam that 686 64 RPM if you're using a
32 bit machine that's also fine.
Just double click on it.
There's also a way of doing this by the terminal but I figured it'd be simpler to you to do it faggery.
So just just wait for it.
The apair might be a bit slow because it's waiting for this to finish.
You you generally can't install two packages at the same time by the package manager so that's kind.
That's a bit of a bummer.
So just go ahead and click on install here provide the root to your root password plus click on authenticate
shouldn't take too long.
Or it might.
I don't know it took a lot of time in windows.
Keep in mind that these two virtual machines of Windows and Linux they have they have been allocated
exactly the same amount of resources on the very same hardware.
So they're both running on the same hardware.
While this is going on just let it run let it install and while that is happening go back to Firefox
and Dirigo it has been installed while it's way faster here.
Go ahead and type in get hub because we need to go over to get help
type in angular slash.
Quick Start so angular slash QuickStart.
The first one.
Click on it download zip.
Click on that don't open with just save file and click on OK.
It is the QuickStart.
Adam you need to go ahead and click on.
Well you need QuickStart the is already being installed.
But we can go ahead and click on Kickstarter as well just so that you can see it need it sees zip zip
file.
We need to actually extract up and I'm going to go ahead and extract it to an arrow.
Let's let's ask let's extract it to document.
Let's let's have some continuity let's don't let's extract it to desktop as before extraction completed
successfully.
I'm going to go ahead and click on QUEST.
No need to do anything else there.
Now go ahead and start Adam
because it won't start in an automated fashion here like it will in Windows.
Wow.
This is a lot faster.
Actually you know what.
Go ahead and see both instructional videos for Windows and for Linux just to compare the speed at which
everything is happening.
Both machines are running on exactly the same hardware and both virtual machines have been exact allotted
exactly the same amount of resources.
So go ahead and click on open project and then on open project here as well.
And then go to desktop QuickStart and click select it and then quick click on OK.
And there you go it's actually opened up.
It's loaded ready to go.
No no big deal there.
Now the next thing that we need to do is go back to our terminal and here we're going to go ahead and
enter.
We're going to CD over two desk top of the current user.
So home if you're wondering how I'm typing fast I'm just like H then press tab and the user is AUPs
the user is test and then desk and then tab again and it's going to be like QuickStart master.
OK I'm here.
And don't you need to be in the QuickStart folder the need to type in NPM install purely doubt that
it's going to work without root.
But let's just have a look and see shall we.
Guess we get a warning we get a warning Don't worry about those as long as it's not an error.
Good to go
oh my god this is like so much faster here.
Just do.
Out of curiosity just check.
Check out the windows setup videos and compare the speed at which everything happened.
I really want you to see I mean there's no technical reason why you should see but I would just like
you to do it anyway.
OK.
I don't see any errors.
None that my eye can detect anyway.
And now when it's typed in and P NPM start
loading loading.
There you go.
It's done.
It's set.
It says localhost which is the address and then colon which is.
And then effort to call when you type in the port of.
And then after the colon you just type in the port the port is three thousand.
Now this is only accessible from this machine locally.
This is not for outside access so don't worry you're not like opening up your machine to.
God knows what.
This is a local development server.
Unless I don't know you have some other different settings with the router and the machine except right
should be a local development server period.
OK.
Now that all of that is done we're going to go ahead and go back to Adam and we will need to install
an add on.
Go ahead and click on package's.
Scroll down to settings view managed packages.
Just give it to us.
But find package by name and type in.
Adam sorry not here where it says packages scroll down to install and then type in here
add a dash type script click on package and let the search happen.
It says here Adam typescript.
The first one at the very first one and click on install.
Now depending on the load on the server and all the other things that are in the process this might
take a while.
I can tell you that now.
So this has nothing to do with your machine.
It doesn't matter how fast or slow your machine is.
I mean in some context I guess it does.
But for a file of this size I guess it doesn't.
The problem is that the server on the other side is either loaded or there's something going on.
So and the time at which I am actually casting the store is probably the peak at the peak in terms of
how many people are downloading it.
So this might take a while on a Windows machine when I downloaded it like 15 20 minutes ago.
It took maybe seven or eight minutes for the download to begin and wants to download began.
Everything happened really fast but here apparently it happens straight away.
Now it's installed now it's actually installing it and it's installed which is amazing.
I'm like totally go and check out the windows to talk.
OK.
So that is all you really need to do.
That is the entirety of the setup video for Linux.
And we have our environments set up ready to go.
Leave leave this running in the background.
The developments are readers.
We might do some.
We might do some tuning and tweaking later on in terms of the layout of the development environment
because we want to change either the font size or we want to do something like that to tweak it to our
own needs.
You can do that.
Do some cosmetic changes.
I will show you later on how you can do that and we will have an round up of this development environment
I will show you where where what is how the environment works where the locations of various files where
you can tune and tweak what things except Truslow in terms of cosmetics do whatever you want to not
to your liking.
I personally will increase the font sizes so that you can actually see things a lot better than in case
I am going to go ahead and bid you farewell here and Im going to.
And if you.
And if you're a Linux user I would strongly recommend that you check out the windows tutorials as well.
Not for any technical reasons as I said but just to see how much time it took for this to finish there
and how much time it took for this to finish here.
The procedure is pretty much exactly the same and the resources allocated to the both machines are pretty
much exactly the same.
Actually they are exactly the same and they are all running and they're both running on the same hardware.
So bid you farewell.